let's see function. here so I will write down multiple functions.
I will write down overloaded functions so here first I will write down a function for finding the sum of
two integers,
So function name is sum and it will take two integers and integer B.
Then this should be a written type for a function also.
I will give the return type as int.
Now here is a simple statement I will write down return a plus b,  just I have to add two numbers and
return the result.
So this is the one function and one more.
I will write float and the function name is sum and it is taking float values two float values float A
and float B then return a plus b.
So I have two functions with same name that is sum and sum but their argument  list is different.
So yes these are overloaded functions, if function names are different than they are unique functions means they are
not function overloading.
When we say function overloading if there are two functions with the same name but their argument list
must be different.
I will try to write one more sum function, which is  taking two floats let us see what happens.
float B.
Now I write down its body,  let's see.
See here I got a error message that redefinition of sum already I have sum with the same signature.
And again I am writing one more sum function with the same signature.
It's not allowed.
Let us change the return type and see.
I will make the return type as int.
Now is it allowed or not.
See I got the error message.
So I got a complete message.
Functions that differ only in their return type cannot be overloaded.
Yes it's true we saw that, we already discussed that return type was not considered under overloading.
So anyway I don't want flawed.
I want to take three integers integer a, integer b, and integer C.
Now here I will simply say a plus b plus C.
Now here I will call sum function by sending two numbers 10, 5
and endl. I will call one more functions sum by sending 12.5,3.4
endl, then cout.
I will call one more some function by sending three integers 10, 2, 3 and endl. let us see
what happens.
Now say here I am getting an error message.
This is a sum function with 2 integers.
This is the sum function with three integers.
Yes I have both the versions but here this is a sum function with the two floats.
don't I have that one?
Yes I have that one also that is flawed.
Is also there.
Then why am I getting an error message called to sum is ambiguous.
The reason is these values are by default taken as  double.
So I have to make them as float.
Now I have made them as float literals and I don't get that error now.
Now let us run this and see
yeah first I got
The sum of two integers than the sum of two floats then sum of three integers.
So you have to be careful when sending the parameters and the type of the parameters are strongly checked.
This was taking float type so you cannot send a double type which is larger than that one.
So here implicitly the type of parameters will not be changed.
We have to send the proper parameters.
So here these three are overloaded functions with all three.
Same name but the difference is in the argument list.
See here there are two arguments and here also two arguments.
But their datA type is different.
And here we have three arguments and the data type is same.
But the number of arguments are different because of overloaded function it becomes very easy for us
to decide the function name.
Quickly we can assign the name relevent to its working.
Suppose function Overloading is not there in C++.
Then I have to give different names to these functions so I may be giving it like this sum_int2
means
It is sum of integer two.
And that is two integers.
Then I should say sum underscore float 2.
to say  sum of two floats and this is a function for finding the sum of int 3.
That is three integer.
So this is how one way I can differentiate them.
Or else I can say this is sum tree and this is some two and some one.
Then I should remember what is the name of function.
The one I am calling unless I remember the function name I cannot call it easily.
The benefit of function overloading is if the function is performing some task than the name of that
function will be relevent to that task.
So this makes programming very easy and simple.
Say high relief for the programmers
so you can practice this and I will give you some challenges you can solve those problems.